Codepen link:
https://codepen.io/0Cool/pen/XWmWwmY?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML?

        The meaning in HTML to both browser and devoloper.

    2. What is HTML used for?

        The structure of a web page. 

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?

        A name with a specified value, within an element.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        A main heading or title. Once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes.

        <input> and <select>

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

        Metadata like 'title', 'author', descriptions, 'script', 'style'.

    7. What is an id?

        Assigns a unique identifier to an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 

        Any element in HTML 5.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?

        Once. 

    10. What is a class? 

        An attribute that changes the style of multiple elements. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

        Any element in HTML 5.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 

        To your heart's content.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?

        Include 'target="_blank"' next to the href attribute inside the anchor element.

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 

        For alternate text of an image to be displayed if the image can't, for a screen reader for accessibility, for a mouse hover command, and/or for SEO.

    15. How do I reference an id?

        #

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div

        Section is good for the semantics and structure of an HTML document whereas divs are good for styling and CSS.

    17. What is CSS used for? 

        The look/style/aesthetics of a site.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page

        h2 {

        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one

        A class changes the style of multiple elements whereas an id only changes one and it has a higher level of specificity. 
        You would use an id to style a name or sentence you'd like to stand out and not have the same style as the remaining elements on the page.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        
        .

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        
        p .human {

        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 

        Style elements that only effect HTML tags that are the specified parent and child. The selector names correspond to the parent/child tags in the HTML.
        
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

        div.sidebar a {

        }

    24. What is a pseudo selector?

        A selector that uses the state or condition of an element to determine its style.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?

        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?

        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?

        text-transform: uppercase;
        text-transform: lowercase;
        text-transform: capitalize;

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?

        div {
            border: 1px dotted black;
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 

        *

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?

        /**/

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 

        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?

        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 

        rm 
        There is no warning prompt and the file will be deleted without going to trash first.

    34. Why should I use version control? 

        It's good for collaborative projects and to keep track of the history of various code edits and files.

    35. How often should I commit to github?

        Often. Everytime you make major changes and at the end of the day. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?

        git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

        1. Fork Lambda's repo
        2. Add TL as a collaborator
        3. Clone Repo using bash
        4. Create a branch with 'git checkout -b aaron-helton' on bash
        5. Submit Pull Review into the new branch with 'compare across forks'.
        6. Add TL as a reviewer on the Pull Review.
        7. TL then merges back into master “STUDENT FORK”.





Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?

        An inline element only takes a required amount of width. A block element creates a new line and takes the entire width of the page.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 

        The element will be positioned relative to the nearest positioned parent. 

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 

        Set inline elements inside of box elements and adjust the width of the margins and/or padding.

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default

        Block:
            1. div
            2. header
            3. footer

        Inline:
            1. span
            2. img
    
        Inline-block:
            1. nav
    
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 

        Every HTML element that constitutes a web page is a box, so every site is just a conglomeration of orchestrated boxes that house these elements.
        Specifying the content, padding, borders, and margins of these elements dictates the size and position of these boxes. The border-size property with
        the border-box value lets you set various widths that would otherwise be far more complex.

   --> 